PUBLISHING.md, before:

# Publishing

This is how we currently publish images to [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repositories/nebulaworks)

## Comment

1. Comment in PR with `publish` if you are in the [NWI Org Approvers Team](https://github.com/orgs/Nebulaworks/teams/approvers)

2. Wait for CI job to comment back with job success. New images will be published to the appropriate dockerhub
   repositories

## Manaul

If you are testing or unable to leverage the CI job for some reason, you can resort back to the manual publishing
process defined here.

1. Create your `auth.json` either manually or using `docker login`. Below we'll set this up manually:

```
~$ echo -n 'sarcasticadmin:mysupersecretpassword' | base64
c2FyY2FzdGljYWRtaW46bXlzdXBlcnNlY3JldHBhc3N3b3Jk

~$ cat << EOF > auth.json
{
        "auths": {
                "https://index.docker.io/v1/": {
                        "auth": "c2FyY2FzdGljYWRtaW46bXlzdXBlcnNlY3JldHBhc3N3b3Jk"
                }
        }
}
~$ export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=$(pwd)/auth.json
```

2. Obtain a Docker Hub Token, which can be acheived from this `curl` command (replacing $UNAME and $UPASS with your own values):
```
export TOKEN=$(curl -s -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"username": "'${UNAME}'", "password": "'${UPASS}'"}' https://hub.docker.com/v2/users/login/ | jq -r .token)
```

3. Setup your nix-shell and run both `create-repo` and `publish-imgs` scripts sequentially to publish the image that you just built. Example publishing `awsutils` under `nebulaworks` user:
```
~$ nix-shell
~$ ./create-repo $TOKEN nebulaworks awsutils
~$ ./publish-imgs awsutils
```

4. Done! It's now up in https://hub.docker.com/repositories/nebulaworks

Commit message:

Init GNUmakefile and test-publish recipe

PUBLISHING.md, after:

# Publishing

This is how we currently publish images to [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repositories/nebulaworks)

## Comment

1. Comment in PR with `publish` if you are in the [NWI Org Approvers Team](https://github.com/orgs/Nebulaworks/teams/approvers)

2. Wait for CI job to comment back with job success. New images will be published to the appropriate dockerhub
   repositories

## Testing

You can test building all the images locally without needing to have write credentials to dockerhub:

```
~$ nix-shell
~$ make test-publish
```
> Note: This will also check the existing repos to see if the img was already built 

## Manual

If you are testing or unable to leverage the CI job for some reason, you can resort back to the manual publishing
process defined here.

1. Create your `auth.json` either manually or using `docker login`. Below we'll set this up manually:

```
~$ echo -n 'sarcasticadmin:mysupersecretpassword' | base64
c2FyY2FzdGljYWRtaW46bXlzdXBlcnNlY3JldHBhc3N3b3Jk

~$ cat << EOF > auth.json
{
        "auths": {
                "https://index.docker.io/v1/": {
                        "auth": "c2FyY2FzdGljYWRtaW46bXlzdXBlcnNlY3JldHBhc3N3b3Jk"
                }
        }
}
~$ export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=$(pwd)/auth.json
```

2. Obtain a Docker Hub Token, which can be acheived from this `curl` command (replacing $UNAME and $UPASS with your own values):
```
export TOKEN=$(curl -s -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"username": "'${UNAME}'", "password": "'${UPASS}'"}' https://hub.docker.com/v2/users/login/ | jq -r .token)
```

3. Setup your nix-shell and run both `create-repo` and `publish-imgs` scripts sequentially to publish the image that you just built. Example publishing `awsutils` under `nebulaworks` user:
```
~$ nix-shell
~$ ./create-repo $TOKEN nebulaworks awsutils
~$ ./publish-imgs awsutils
```

4. Done! It's now up in https://hub.docker.com/repositories/nebulaworks
